{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2513
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red83\green83\blue83;\red0\green0\blue0;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c40000\c40000\c40000;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs32 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 From 2016 to 2020, the number of Citibike stations and overall volume has increased significantly. However, it appears there has been a strong shift in what type of users dominate Citibike's market.
\fs24 \cf3 \strokec3 \

\fs32 \cf2 \strokec2 \uc0\u8232 \
In 2020, more customer users (24-hour or 3-day pass) rent Citibikes than annual subscribers. This may be due in part to the increase in volume and stations. As bikes become more available, they could be more likely to be used by those who are not interesting in using them on a daily basis, and do not see the need for an annual subscription.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 Rental volumes have clearly increased from 2016 to 2020. But when are people riding? And what about gender breakdown? 
\fs24 \cf3 \strokec3 \

\fs32 \cf2 \strokec2 \uc0\u8232 \
\
Trends from 2016 to 2020 show volume peaks during the late afternoon. Interestingly, average trip duration is the lowest in the early morning. Most likely, this is due to quick usage for commuters or exercisers with limited time before work. 
\fs24 \cf3 \strokec3 \

\fs32 \cf2 \strokec2 \uc0\u8232 \
During the day, average trip duration increases, as it is likely tourist usage is at its peak during this time. 
\fs24 \cf3 \strokec3 \

\fs32 \cf2 \strokec2 \uc0\u8232 \
When broken down by gender, rental volume is nearly evenly split. However, analyzing gender rental trends by time of day, there is a clear decrease in rental volume by females during typically dark hours. This trend is likely due to safety concerns for females riding alone at night.
\fs24 \cf3 \strokec3 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs32 \cf2 \strokec2 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs24 \cf3 \strokec3 \
}